Create a UI & UX Design Templates for our Support Ticket System Software (Costumer Help Desk)



Dashboard
Monitor your support ticket system with real-time data on tickets, trends and groups.

inbox
Track and manage inbound support tickets from multiple communication channels in one inbox.

Ticket assignment
Automatically assign tickets to agents and groups based on keywords, requests or characteristics.

Ticket topics
Create ticket topics with important information such as categories, software used, plugin version, error message, feature requests, etc.

SLA management
Set deadlines for ticket response and resolution times depending on business hours or categories.

Custom ticket statuses
Create custom status messages that adapt to your unique workflow. This way you can easily see the processing status of a ticket.

automation
Automate recurring tasks and perform multiple actions on a ticket with a single click.

Saved answers
Respond quickly and consistently to frequently asked questions by providing canned answers.

Teamwork
Exchange ideas with experts from different departments on specific aspects of tickets and find the best solutions.

Joint editing
Collaborate on tickets with other teams and keep track of progress.

Email integration
Convert support emails into trackable tickets in your support ticket system for better management and resolution.

Automatic email notifications
Automatically notify customers and account managers of any changes in their tickets.

Authorization management for customer service representatives
Give account managers specific access and action permissions based on their roles and responsibilities.

Reporting and statistics
Easily access data and reports to get tailored insights relevant to your daily operations.
Our Inspirations of this platform system design will be just like:
https://www.freshworks.com/freshdesk/
https://www.zoho.com/desk/
https://www.happyfox.com/help-desk-ticketing-system/
https://www.helpscout.com/platform/ ,,,,Now you can play the role world top-notch UX UI designer make this design Minimalitic, visually apealing, easy understand. easy to navigate user-flow, excllent typgraphy , colour phycology, and icongraphy, easy to user enggesment. 
